Unified testsuite (#4334)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/picongpu: docs/source/testing/usage.rst

.. _testing-usage:

How to use the test suite
=========================

As already mentioned, the test suite can be used in two different ways.

> On the one hand, the automatic validation based on a given test case.

Reviewer: verb is missing (*is* based?)

This is mainly required for new methods within the code to check their correctness.
If a test is simulated manually, only the associated bashscript has to be executed.

.. note::

    When running the bashscript, a temporary folder is created, labeled with the current date. 
    This folder contains all essential data of the test including the test result.
    By default, this folder is automatically deleted after the test has been run and only the result is reported to the system as 0 or 1.
    If you are interested in the data, the corresponding line in the bashscript must be commented out.

> Furthermore, the test suite should also be able to be used to evaluate existing simulations.

Reviewer: OK, but in context of line 7:
```suggestion
On the other hand, the test suite should also be able to be used to evaluate existing simulations.
```
